Update ReadMe (#4)
doo/scanbot-barcode-scanner-sdk-example-windows: README.md

<p align="left">
  <img src=".images/ScanbotSDKLogo.png#gh-light-mode-only" width="15%" />
</p>
<p align="left">
  <img src=".images/ScanbotSDKLogo_darkmode.png#gh-dark-mode-only" width="15%" />
</p>

# Example App for the Scanbot Windows Barcode Scanner SDK

> This example app demonstrates integrating the Scanbot Windows Barcode Scanner SDK into your Universal Windows Platform (UWP) application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example app demonstrates integrating the Scanbot Windows Barcode Scanner SDK into a UWP or WinUI3 application. 
```

Reviewer: Alternatively, we can also use WinUI as the blanket term for everything, because UWP counts as WinUI1 and WinUI2 also targets UWP.

## What is the Scanbot Barcode Scanner SDK?

The Scanbot [Barcode Scanner SDK](https://scanbot.io/barcode-scanner-sdk/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=dev_sites) is a simple and intuitive SDK that allows you to turn mobile devices into fast and reliable barcode scanners.

The SDK utilizes your device's camera, which can be freely switched. You can also apply various filters to narrow down the results by barcode type or content, with regex pattern support to ensure you only capture the specific barcodes relevant to your application.

It operates entirely offline on the user's device and takes only 0.04 seconds to scan barcodes. Scans are accurate even under challenging conditions, including damaged, small, or distant barcodes and low-light environments.

The SDK can be integrated into your mobile apps within minutes and comes with Ready-To-Use UI components, which allow you to customize the barcode scanner to your needs.

> 💡 For more details about the Scanbot Barcode Scanner SDK, please check out our [documentation](https://docs.scanbot.io/barcode-scanner-sdk/windows/introduction/?utm_source=npmjs.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=dev_sites).

Reviewer: @ildar-scanbot,  utm_source=npmjs.com. Is this correct?

Reviewer 2: Good find. I think it should be `?utm_source=npmjs.com` as in other links.

## How to run the example app

> The Windows SDK is a native SDK built for UWP using C++/WinRT and camera access via `Windows.Media` API. It is available as a NuGet package ([Scanbot.BarcodeSDK.Windows](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Scanbot.BarcodeSDK.Windows/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows SDK is a native SDK built for .NET Native or .NET 8/9 using various system components such as Media Foundation and Windows Imaging Component.
It is available a NuGet package [`Scanbot.BarcodeSDK.Windows`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Scanbot.BarcodeSDK.Windows/).
```

### Data Parsers

The Scanbot Barcode Scanner SDK supports a variety of data parsers that extract structured information from 2D barcodes such as QR Codes and Data Matrix. These include parsers for documents such as driving licences (AAMVA), boarding passes, medical certificates, SEPA forms, Swiss QR codes and vCard business cards.

💡 Please refer to our [documentation](https://docs.scanbot.io/barcode-scanner-sdk/windows/supported-barcodes) for a full list of supported data parsers.

## Additional information

### Guides and Tutorials

Integrating the Scanbot Barcode Scanner SDK into your app takes just a few minutes, and our step-by-step guides make the process even easier. 

Whether you're a seasoned developer or just starting, our tutorials provide clear instructions for adding barcode scanning functionality with minimal effort.

💡Check out our [developer blog](https://scanbot.io/techblog/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=dev_sites) for a collection of in-depth tutorials, use cases, and best practices.

### Free integration support

> Need help integrating our barcode scanning software into your UWP apps? We offer [free developer support](https://docs.scanbot.io/support/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=dev_sites) via Slack, MS Teams, or email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help integrating our barcode scanning software into your UWP or WinUI3 apps? We offer [free developer support](https://docs.scanbot.io/support/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=dev_sites) via Slack, MS Teams, or email.
```

As a customer, you also get access to a dedicated support Slack or Microsoft Teams channel to talk directly to your Customer Success Manager and our engineers.

### Licensing and pricing

The barcode scanner example app will run one minute per session without a license. After that, all functionalities and UI components will stop working.

To try the Barcode Scanner without the one-minute limit, you can request a free, no-strings-attached [7-day trial license](https://scanbot.io/trial/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=dev_sites).

Our pricing model is simple: Unlimited barcode scanning for a flat annual license fee, full support included. There are no tiers, usage charges, or extra fees. [Contact](https://scanbot.io/contact-sales/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=dev_sites) our team to receive your quote.

### Other supported platforms

> Besides UWP, the Scanbot Barcode Scanner SDK is also available on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides UWP/WinUI3, the Scanbot Barcode Scanner SDK is also available on:
```
